and hi to all and skyros and how that
okay two days from the button point
dislike fear and this time pisa of a
little bit particular since it involves
of a special episode triplette shot what
in a ball etc and you will see
that this week there is a package
of elimination then I explain myself a
little bit why this episode a little
out of series ie when I
will do the top 10 I will rather
privilege the sniper clips in the
meaning he did sequences etc.
and it's still not easy to classify
the clips in any case to insert some
Clips of hot threesome What kind
give a ball is not really
clips the same nature even if they are
so impressive so I got
said why not put them aside for
do a special episode
I received a lot so if your
clip is not in do not go
have sold until yorozu take care of
any edge jaw
so here I tried to favor
a little bit the original spots
and you will see that she is really
quite new places on clips
pretty mythical and finally I hope
that this little top 10 that will make you
pleasure
you will love this little this little
concept I will try to do more than
small tops 10 out of series if I ever
see you like it anyway bah
do not hesitate to give your opinion
and it's ready to let go of the 10th
place we find ourselves a crack stays that
is on turbine in research and
destruction of greenhouses 50 is enough
rare that's going to make a little cube have
looked at but who are on the sulfateuse
I missed badly you please block catalÃ
well it surprises you that it surprises when
I did not expect that at all and so
as attached a ninth place
in the center with her or me inc fixed
lighthouse of the delivery the little spot of
crash that's good it's a little spot
known but bob the coi who passes when
even brothel through the wall like that I
think they did not expect to do
that the guy he was there and ten bombs to
little one or two we never know but
boom lakhouad would play well 8th place
on three is shabby that will make us
a spot really not a triplette
pussy I've never seen a triple cha of
my life here
ok what there are three heads of cons who
hang out at the window it never happens to me
well you see you seventh place between
others with geek dick chabab slops he
is a little marker oil bangui
what do I think I went to see
who masturbate box did well there
go since there rind four
ball shots at this spot
there on that you already saw that me in
anyway it's the first time well
play 6th place between andrei what they
be advanced warfare in the sights and he
there may be but who hangs in the
corner of attention I'm going to try to have
and
plasters with already the triple street
agent is frankly if he expected to
maybe see an elimination or what
but mike parker he would be happy but
the patch attraction has played really well
you in addition to the future is announced in
to do it's pretty rare really well I
want diabolo on roofs or at the 5th
square
it will not hurt us balls they
look like that and I have them
really kiffed because huawei dish
what the frame is of course a ball that
fun is really good timing
the alignment and it was a whole was
perfect it's good it's good it's my
fourth place between three other bones x
family who will try mapics press he is
at the ballista he says but they are where the
people they are camping some
part they are there at the cat you already have
seen a triple from this place no it
would surprise me that would surprise me the 8th
10 goes back to third place between
with nova who is safe highrise
Intervention the legendary preacher here
I said I had limit spots
but you will see that it is not 4
eliminations in a ball that's
quiet five eliminations unibal you
see that with the intervention he goes
To damage
he will do the maximum six eliminations
a ball you can not do more
can not he goes he did it here is it
well played to you frankly that makes
pleasure
after I'm like that you're playing
the nato guy second person ends up
in nice cannes who is sure kid with the
coke links to the little originality
usual series we see the thermal
etc to the hull it's nice
it is central zone but the zone of
dropping it looking for a few enemies who
are under the waters
lakhouad have a little bag and bad luck to
contribute another fifth for and 5
against a
decidedly he won everything little
really played well and we are
first place we find ourselves and that
while
and you will say after clips of
pork like that what are we going to see and
down during it's there in more without
fail that they'll see the reaction
what will we do on the map
plus a block it will make us a little
chaining that I liked at
early because there is still a small
linking it has stopped but
that these lands he will get them there
will force them to reappear all at
same place and we see with slow motion
be careful they are there in the viewfinder they
are four they want to shoot a lot
lakhouad in her a ball and a
behind for the a65 crime to whores at
boycott ah yes that's an english andy
goode is behind this fact fly and
eat by the son of the shah in a
but who beats fnac m through
boat play well at all
participants
because we can say that the clips
really sends very very heavy is
still not easy to do the
placements like that because tripled
cat quad etc
but it can be said that said clip is
really see the pie the kennel make
really happy
thank you for watching thank you to
you have sent them thanks to the
moon to enlighten us during the night in
any case
I hope you liked this top 10
do not hesitate to share your opinion
to say what you think about them
little top 10 like that a little out
series this is I will continue on
other modes you never know this is in
any case do not hesitate to give your
notice little green thumb also that does not
more exercise the reward if you too
you are participating in the next top 10 of
next week or a pack of
sunday because there it is an off
series
it's simple it can be a triplette
at sap is once a ball that
can be even better it can be a
a web girl all the clips
to snipers are allowed and that's
simple you take your clip you magnifiers lot
on youtube that asks to list
or a public not in private I can not
to have it otherwise it's a little stupid
the send top-5 seifert life.com lo
from the end of the truce that appears at
the screen
that's all the reverse if you
do you have a chance if you do not want
it's out of luck so has calmed
in any case I hope you have passed
a good time you know well that's
all the purpose do not hesitate to give your
advice suggestions and its green shoots
that it's nice it's the
reward for my part I leave you
Have a great day
than happiness that good things and
I keep next time to the
turballe